# WEEK-5: Sample Programs using German Credit Data-Credit risk assessment problem


#### [1. List all the categorical (or nominal) attributes and the real-valued attributes separately; draw useful insights for the nominal and numerical attributes.](#section-1)

#### [2. What attributes do you think might be crucial in making the credit assessment? Come up with some simple rules in plain English using your selected attributes.](#section-2)

#### [3. Train a Decision tree using the complete data set as the training data. Report the model obtained after training.](#section-3)

#### [4. What % of examples can you classify correctly? (This is also called testing on the training set) why do you think cannot get 100% training accuracy?](#section-4)

#### [5. Is testing on the training set as you did above a good idea? Why or why not?](#section-5)


## 1. List all the categorical (or nominal) attributes and the real-valued attributes separately; draw useful insights for the nominal and numerical attributes.<a name="section-1"></a>



## 2. What attributes do you think might be crucial in making the credit assessment? Come up with some simple rules in plain English using your selected attributes.<a name="section-2"></a>



## 3. Train a Decision tree using the complete data set as the training data. Report the model obtained after training. <a name="section-3"></a>


## 3. What % of examples can you classify correctly? (This is also called testing on the training set) why do you think cannot get 100% training accuracy?<a name="section-4"></a>



## 5. Is testing on the training set as you did above a good idea? Why or why not?<a name="section-5"></a>






