# WEEK-6: Use other classifiers on German Credit Data-Credit risk assessment problem


#### [1. One approach for solving the problem encountered in the previous question (Week 5) is using cross-validation. Describe what is cross-validation briefly. Train a decision tree again using cross-validation and report your results. Does accuracy increase/decrease? Why?](#section-1)

#### [2. Define a baseline accuracy using Zero-R classifier and compare the results with the results of J48 classifier; describe your findings.](#section-2)

#### [3. Build a classifier model for the credit risk assessment problem using other classifiers, such as Random Forest, Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machine, etc. Which classifier does the best? Substantiate your answer with ROC and AUC results.](#section-3)


## 1. One approach for solving the problem encountered in the previous question (Week 5) is using cross-validation. Describe what is cross-validation briefly. Train a decision tree again using cross-validation and report your results. Does accuracy increase/decrease? Why?<a name="section-1"></a>



## 2. Define a baseline accuracy using Zero-R classifier and compare the results with the results of J48 classifier; describe your findings.<a name="section-2"></a>



## 3. Build a classifier model for the credit risk assessment problem using other classifiers, such as Random Forest, Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machine, etc. Which classifier does the best? Substantiate your answer with ROC and AUC results. <a name="section-3"></a>





